Fix a couple of typos (#1345)
swcarpentry/shell-novice: _episodes/06-script.md

If she wanted to be more adventurous,
she could modify her script to check for command-line arguments,
and use `NENE*A.txt NENE*B.txt` if none were provided.

> Of course, this introduces another trade off between flexibility and complexity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, this introduces another tradeoff between flexibility and complexity.
```
